Revision of subject:organizationalUnitName (#225)
cabforum/servercert: docs/BR.md

Alternatively, the CA MAY verify the address of the Applicant (but not the identity of the Applicant) using a utility bill, bank statement, credit card statement, government-issued tax document, or other form of identification that the CA determines to be reliable.

#### 3.2.2.1.1 Organizational Unit

> If the Subject Identity Information is to include an organizational unit, then it SHALL NOT include a name, DBA, tradename, trademark, address, location, or other text that refers to a specific natural person or Legal Entity unless the CA has verified this information in accordance with Section 3.2.
> 
> The usage of commonly recognized organizational unit names is permitted and the CA is not required to verify the existence of and affiliation with the Applicant as long the value is included on a publicly disclosed list of CA has pre-approved values (disclosure of this list SHALL be through an appropriate and readily accessible online means).
> 
> Self reported values SHALL be preceded or followed by a whitespace and the word “department”, “division”, “unit” or the equivalent in a language other than English. The CA may extend these options using a publicly disclosed list containing the preceded or followed values which the CA has approved; as log it's disclosed through an appropriate and readily accessible online means. 
> 
> The CA SHALL verify the existence of and affiliation of the organizational unit with the Applicant using at least one of the following:
> 
> 1. A government agency in the jurisdiction of the Applicant’s legal creation, existence, or recognition;
> 2. A government agency responsible for the management of such organizational units, DBAs or tradenames;
> 3. A third party database that is periodically updated and considered a Reliable Data Source;
> 4. A site visit by the CA or a third party who is acting as an agent for the CA;
> 5. An Attestation Letter;
> 6. A utility bill, bank statement, credit card statement, government-issued tax document, or other form of identification that the CA determines to be reliable;
> 7. A connection with the Applicant's directory system;
> 8. An Organizational Chart or public directory of the Applicant; or
> 9. Communication with an authoritative source within the Applicant's organization, such as the Applicant's main business offices, corporate offices, human resource offices, information technology offices, or other department that the CA deems appropriate.
> 
> The value SHALL not be abbreviated unless this would exceed the maximum length of the `subject:organizationalUnitName` field, in which case it SHALL only use locally accepted abbreviation.
> 
> Alternatively, the CA MAY allow values or series as defined by a Government, standard, or regulatory body; or a series of at least five numerals, optionally preceded or followed by two alphabetical characters. The CA is not required to verify the accuracy of these non descriptive identifiers.

Author: I have been thinking about a more simplistic and strict approach that doesn't follow all the current allowed methods listed in section 3.2 of the BR like we have proposed currently. 

The version below only provides one method that must be followed and always requires a prefix/suffix to be added. I don't think it will satisfy all use cases, but it should be sufficient for the large majority and might be a good compromise:

```suggestion
If the Subject Identity Information is to include an organizational unit, then it MUST be preceded or followed by a whitespace and an equivalent of the word “unit”, “service", "system", "center", "office", “faculty”, "administration", "operations” in singular or plural form, or the equivalent in a language other than English. It SHALL NOT include a name, DBA, tradename, trademark, address, location, or other text that refers to a specific natural person or Legal Entity unless the CA has verified this information in relation to the Application accordance with Section 3.2.

The CA MUST verify the existence and affiliation of the organizational unit with the Applicant using an Organizational Chart provided by an authoritative source within the Applicant's organization, such as the Applicant's main business offices, corporate offices, human resource offices, information technology offices, or other department that the CA deems appropriate.

The value SHALL not be abbreviated unless this would exceed the maximum length of the `subject:organizationalUnitName` field, in which case it SHALL only use locally accepted abbreviation.
```

Author: I created a version to address the highlighted concerns on the usage of the word 'equivalent' and the validation of trademarks and trade/business names.

This version:

- is using a fixed set of pre/suffix values
- includes a requirement for a certified translation for the equivalent in a language other than English 
- requires the CA to check the value in the WIPO Global Brand Database and the local business registry

```suggestion
If the Subject Identity Information is to include an organizational unit, then it MUST be preceded or followed by a whitespace and one of the words “unit”, “department”, “division”, “group”, “service", "system", "center", "office", “school”, “faculty”, "administration", "operations” in singular or plural form; or a certified translation of the equivalent in a language other than English. 

The CA MUST verify the existence and affiliation of the organizational unit with the Applicant using an Organizational Chart provided by an authoritative source within the Applicant's organization, such as the Applicant's main business offices, corporate offices, human resource offices, information technology offices, or other department that the CA deems appropriate.

If a value holds an active registration in the ‘WIPO Global Brand Database’ or a local business register the CA MAY only include these registered values when the CA has verified the right of usage in relation to the Application in accordance with Section 3.2.

The value SHALL not be abbreviated unless this would exceed the maximum length of the `subject:organizationalUnitName` field, in which case it SHALL only use locally accepted abbreviation.
```

Author: Strengthen the validation requirements further:

```suggestion
If the Subject Identity Information is to include an organizational unit, then it MUST be preceded or followed by a whitespace and one of the words “unit”, “department”, “division”, “group”, “service", "system", "center", "office", “school”, “faculty”, "administration", "operations” in singular or plural form; or an unambiguous certified translation of the equivalent in a language other than English.

The CA MUST verify the existence of the organizational unit using an Organizational Chart provided by the human resource offices of the Applicant or that is signed by a listed officer of Applicant.

If a word in the value holds an active registration in the ‘WIPO Global Brand Database’ or a local business register the CA MUST only include these registered values when the CA has verified the right of usage in relation to the Applicant in accordance with Section 3.2.

The value SHALL not be abbreviated unless this would exceed the maximum length of the `subject:organizationalUnitName` field, in which case it SHALL only use locally accepted abbreviation.
```
